Async Client support & more (#292)
supabase-community/supabase-py: README.md

## Installation

> **Recommended:** First activate your virtual environment, with your favourites' system. For example, we like `poetry` and `conda`!

Reviewer: /nit Should we rephrase this instead?

```suggestion
**Recommended:** First activate your virtual environment, with your favourite environment management tool. For example, we like `poetry` and `conda`!
```

## Usage

> It's usually best practice to set your API key environment variables in some way that version control doesn't track them, e.g. don't put them in your python modules! Set the Key and URL for the supabase instance in the shell, or better yet, use a dotenv file. Here's how to set the variables in the shell.

Reviewer: /nit Perhaps can consider rephrasing here too
```suggestion
It's usually best practice to set your API key environment variables in some way that isn't tracked by version control. For instance, don't put them in your python modules! Set the Key and URL for the supabase instance in the shell, or better yet, use a dotenv file. Here's how to set the variables in the shell.
```

```python
import os
from supabase import SupabaseClient

url: str = os.environ.get("SUPABASE_URL")
key: str = os.environ.get("SUPABASE_KEY")

supabase: SupabaseClient = SupabaseClient(url, key)
```

Use the supabase client to interface with your database.

### Running Tests

Currently, the test suites are in a state of flux. We are expanding our clients tests to ensure things are working, and for now can connect to this test instance, that is populated with the following table:

<p align="center">

>   <img width="720" height="481" src="https://i.ibb.co/Bq7Kdty/db.png" alt="">

Reviewer: /nit maybe we should fill the alt tag?
```suggestion
  <img width="720" height="481" src="https://i.ibb.co/Bq7Kdty/db.png" alt="example of database table in Supabase Studio editor">
```

## Authenticate

```python
import os
from supabase import SupabaseClient

url: str = os.environ.get("SUPABASE_TEST_URL")
key: str = os.environ.get("SUPABASE_TEST_KEY")

supabase: SupabaseClient = SupabaseClient(url, key)

# Create a random user login email and password.

> random_email: str = "user@supamail.com"

Reviewer: Hm is there any significant benefit that we gain from changing the email and password in the test examples?

Author: Since these are dummy values, readability is important. I personally think it's easier to read "user@supabase.com" over the random one.
